The Joe Rogan experience.
Do you feel like that sometimes when ideas come to you, when you up, like,
it's almost like, like it's a gift from somewhere.
I have no idea. I think
all of my ideas are kind of like mistakes. It's like,
cause you never wake up and say today, I'm going to write the email,
congratulations or any art or any song.
And you kind of just it's it's all about like right
moment, right time. Like I had, oh, I had like eight bud lights.
Right.
And then I took just a tiny bit of shrooms and then here it's like.
Paul.
And then it just happens. Yeah. There's it's, it's like,
it is an accident.
It is just like a spur of the moment type deal to where you're like,
let me sing this melody over this beat.
Or let me make this beat even. And it just kind of happens.
I don't know. Well, that's.
The flow state, right? When you just,
you can get out of your own way and you can let ideas come to you.
Like I was talking with this dude, his name is Joe DeSena.
He runs a Spartan race. He's a really smart guy, very interesting guy.
He does a lot of stuff for kids. He's got all of these kid programs.
These kids do like difficult tasks and they like to do it over a summer camp.
It gets them better. But what we were talking about it,
and we were talking about being healthy and all the benefits of being healthy.
And I was like, this there's a lot to that,
but there's also a lot to like the person who binges and
create something incredible. Like we were talking about Stephen King's books,
but some of the ones he doesn't even remember are the best ones.
Cause he was on Coke and drinking a case of bud.
Like you just blast it out of his head chain, smoking cigarettes.
And he doesn't even remember writing. I think it's Cujo.
He doesn't even remember writing it, like wrote, carry half blacked out.
You've read that book today, man. Sure. It's hard.
My dad's a Vegas, Stephen Kingspan Stephen King fan dude.
And he's amazing. But I mean, at the end of the day, it's like a,
to each his own, you know what I mean? I mean,
whatever gets you through three of them. No.
Some people can definitely do it straight. And, and I, you know,
I've definitely had ideas without any influence of anything before,
but I feel like sometimes things come to you when,
when you're like a little high, at least a little drunk and they're like,
I don't know if I would have ever thought about this without the weed. They,
they just come out of nowhere.
And that's, and that's the whole thing too, like drinking Rosa or drinking,
you know, bud light and then a little bit of just, uh, something else,
whether it be, you know, smoking a little bit of a J cause I I'm,
I'm an anxious person. You told me before. You're not an anxious person,
but really, but I used to smoke a,
but now not so much, maybe I'll smoke, watch a funny movie and then,
but it's, it's that stroke genius.
And you're like,
if I was not nothing in my blood right now,
but just blood, no booze,
no anything would, I have thought of that. Um, and that's it,
that's a whole different deal. It's it's uh, it's wild really?
I think a pot the way I think a wakeboarding. Sure. Because, uh,
when you're wakeboarding and you're on that wave, it looks, I don't wake board,
but when I watch people do it, I'll wait for it either. It looks awesome. Right?
When they're on that and it catching those waves. But then when they wipe out,
man, they go down hard and that's like wheat. So you're not going to.
Stay on that board forever.
If you think you're really up that board's going to flip over and you can,
whenever you rip that big trick, you do.
The behind the back double spin.
That's a stroke of genius. And that's,
that's what I think that there's a certain magic that goes into making
a record or, you know,
if you're a painter or a painting or if you're a dancer, a cool dance.
Moves, I think they're all related in some way.
Yeah. There's something there that it just kicks off and you can't control it.
And you can't say when it's going to happen,
but it just happens whatever that is, that.
That makes humans so interested in creating things that other people are going
to enjoy. But it's, that's what it is. It's like, there's a weird frequency,
humans creating things that they know other people are going to enjoy.
And if you can just get lost in the beauty of just creating the thing and get
out of your own way, then these ideas will come to you.
But if you get in your own way, you have less bandwidth for the ideas.
And when they come to it, it feels like this isn't, there aren't even yours.
Like it's like, you're interacting with something like these ideas.
Just like if you have an idea for like a five and idea for a new bed or
something like that, sometimes they just come from nowhere. You're like,
where'd that come from? What is this? What is, uh, where,
where are premises from?
What's an idea from it's like creativity comes from the weirdest part of your
brain that no one knows how to. I mean,
you there's like you could have breathing exercises,
you could do all sorts of things to try to stimulate it. Right.
But the reality is you can't even measure it. No, you don't know when it's up,
when it's down, you just know what you're doing. If you're making some cool.
It's so that's so bizarre. Like to think about, like you said,
it's just really humans creating something that other humans
with. Yeah. That's exactly what it is. It makes you feel good. That's the most,
there's something there.
Yeah. Yeah.
When you see like when you're in concert and you see 15,000 people rocking out
to your song, right? Like that, that has gotta be a crazy feeling.
Yeah. Yeah. It is. Yeah. Well, whenever you know, you're on the podcast,
everybody's seeing you, whenever you kicking somebody in the face,
everybody watching, there's a there's feeling there and it's just like,
oh, I realize finally I'm not actually just one person.
Yeah. I, as, as like
Mithril, as it sounds, I'm with everybody as,
as in one moment in time, everybody is,
they're doing the same thing with the same energy, the same good intention.
Yes. It's, it's, it's magical, you know, it's weird.
Yeah.
That's, what's what you're doing. Right. You're tapping into some magic.
I'm trying, but that's what it is. If, if you,
if you think about what kind of alchemy is involved in making the right sounds
to make people feel sure, because with a great song, man,
you're giving a person a drug.